box to leavey, token to nollin							COMPLETE
tooth to troll			
stick to druidmother
key to kinjite
ring to druidmother
boots

'want something special for these omelets...something unique!'
harpy eggs to cook in board				    (66217)  		COMPLETE
cook give neverwinter knife				    (66618)
knife to collector
collector give ice ring +2dam (later used to open icewall)  (66619)

kill frost drake                                        			COMPLETE
give skin to mawl
mawl makes claws

log in forest (rareload)				(66234)  		COMPLETE
place in chimney in old merc guild
fire start, chimney unplug
get singed journal					(66616)
give singed journal to drunk merc		     
tell story
get mercenary blade (+1)				(66620)

special guard 'suspicious' 'missing brother garos, also a guard'  		COMPLETE
gives note1 					        (66623)
goto kraken
rescue prisoner ('garos'), give note1, drop pendent     (66447)
pendent to guard
guard gives note2 			                (66624)
note2 to nasher
nasher give reward...

'...daughter ran away' - gives map						COMPLETE
give daughter in woods map
daughter gives lock of hair
hair to mother
'lost child - torvis' mother
'rescue' - get note to come home
boy in sewers below city (rareload)
'torvis' - read note, run home, drop toy sword
toy sword to mom
'must have rescued him', thanks
give reward of bottomless tankard

rock collector - special mossy rock from wood	     (66235)   			COMPLETE
gives exotic spices 				     (66622)
exotic spices to master cook in board
gives 10p and tasty bread recipe 	             (66621)
bread recipe to bakery
baker gives good food and fine baker's mits (no burn, bonuses...)

payslips on sleeping workers                      				COMPLETE
'odd they didn't collect this themselves...'
give to foreman for money

various colored berries from wood (rares...5 total)  				COMPLETE
to random load thief in NW
vial of some decent poison

lady in moonstone mask (66701)							COMPLETE
give something for moonstone mask

riddle guy
wants mind 'stimulation'
give cup of coffee
'tasty...but that's not what i meant...how about a mind game, feeb.'
ask riddle
answer riddle

Who ever makes it sells it, who ever buys it doesn't need it, who ever needs it doesn't get it. What is it???
It's a coffin. 

'bah..i know answer..go find me one you idiot"
take this...gives key
key to dwelling
down to sewers
find whatever
get reward

quest into Fallen tower for rhalingalad

quest into fallen tower for many-starred cloak
ophala - 'secret...treasure was stole from organization by sorcerer seeking our power'
'forever greatful if you find it'
find 'moonstone mask'
give treasure to ophala
receive thanks of many-starred
reward... (starred guantlets)

in castle never - entrace to catacombs with elven statue
'haleuth' - opens catacombs

(jewels of nine quests... quest mob (bard) tells tale of gems & collects them...)

evema nightfire									COMPLETE
'glaive' - a gift from a relative
'relative' - 'was in another life when we two parted, i do not wish to discuss it' (leave)
kill i'lvan
notice 'to kill...to live' association
give knife i'lvan
tell tale 'found secret, our sister finally dead...sad...blah...blah'
'have proven yourselves worthy...but keep secret, for aldan's sake'
get jewel

item from kraken compound (leader's key-like pendent)
key-like pendant to sewers below - underground fortress
battle through island
treasure room/vault
purple kraken bonesword set with amethysts to vagan
get jewel



goto kraken, get oghma token							COMPLETE
give oghma token to salyndra get kraken key
use kraken key to get to basement
kill krakens, get vault key
give vault key prior hlam, do his crap, get case key
use case key
use vault key
fight through vault
kill moralith
finish prior's crap, get shield...proc blind
imdar										COMPLETE
speak of ancient creature called 'the Moralith'
summoned by evil magics..killed family..looked for it forever
lamp in vault of temple of tyr
rub it, out pops nasty
kill nasty
get moralith's horn, sand necklace
give to imdar
creature finally dead, search over
get jewel


1 (demon cyntan) 	- kinjite boots
2 (demon evema) 	- kinjite guantlets
3 (demon aldan) 	- kinjite kinjite belt
4 (demon larenthyl) 	- kinjite (arm wear)
5 (demon vagan) 	- kinjite leggings
6 (demon aermor) 	- kinjite helm
7 (demon lhoge) 	- kinjite armor
8 (demon imdar) 	- kinjite blade
9 (demon silme) 	- kinjite shield & crypt key

use crypt key to open crypt to enter the final crypt
'a key you need to pass this gate, but much more once inside'
'10 items of evil, forged of kinjite, shall be the keys
to darkness and light'

'room of darkest night'
'place boots of darkness' -> open next door
'place guantlets...' -> etc
'place dagger of darkness & prepare yourselves' -> open door, load arkos

remove all

load final demon (balor or pit fiend) Arkos (animated suit of Kinjite Armor...wearing all stuff) lvl 59 badass
'shall revive my master ...dead god... and we shall reign forever...'
once dead
	 - load Haleuth's Holy Blade (bonuses +haste?)
	 - load Haleuth's Blessed Robes (?)
	 - load Haleuth's Blessed Ring (?)
	 - some kinda cool death proc (echo throughout MUD mebbe?)

